What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    When you initialize a repository, it creates a hidden directory .git 
    that will store themetadata with history of changes made to the files
    in the repository. 
    You need to initialize the repository in order to start storing such metadata.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?  

	Staging area is an intermediary area between working directory and repository. You 
	can add files to the staging area, work on them and then create a commit that 
	a logical change. Its value is in the fact that you are not urged to commit all of 
	the files in your working directory, but can decide which files will make the most 
	logical sense for a commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	You can add files to the staging area that pertain to the same logical change and 
	then comit these files in one commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? 
How would branches help?

	Branches would be helpful if you wanted to create a new or experimental feature, to 
	switch context of your work, when you use branching, you are not compromising the 
	state of master (production ready code) and not losing current progress.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams allow you to better understand what is your branch structure, which are 
	the parent nodes, if there is a risk of losing commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the 
diagram the way we do?

	The result is one branch that includes all commits of the merged branches. We 
	represent these branches in the diagram separately because commits in different 
	branches have different parent nodes and if we needed to see differences between 
	commits, we need to run git show.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Pros: automatic merging checks if there are conflicts in data that you are merging, 
	and lets you and your collaborators decide which version you should choose for merging
	Cons: you may sometimes need to include all versions